This is not good either.
Urgent, what happened?
That shabby boy, he's here again.
Ah, he still dared.
He's out there.
Why don't you break his legs and let me get in?
I was ready to take action, but the big hand came out.
He does.
Don't come here. I'm very familiar with false hugs.
Let’s fight. Stop talking and leave. My dad is at home.
If he finds out, let's play.
Say, you believe me,
I will definitely convince your dad this time.
Just biased against you
You can't get enough of him no matter what
He is obsessed with the person he used to be.
Qing Shaojun is biased
Endless Youth Army
When Qingqing was still alive, she used to be so contracted
Youth, young, military and old
no matter who you are
He won't even allow us to be together
If he is careful, please leave quickly.
Otherwise, I really won’t be able to protect you.
Even though I’ve come, I still want to leave